From:	Kristopher Nelson
Sent:	Thursday, January 28, 2021 3:06 PM
To:	publicinfo@collin.edu
Subject:	Public Information Requests re COVID-19 and faculty/staff

Dear Ms. Cadena-Smith:
 
I am writing to request the following public information under Texas Government Code Chapter 
552:
1.	All public information already in electronic form, including emails, in which Collin 
College faculty (including adjunct faculty) or staff, or other individuals writing on 
behalf of Collin College faculty (including adjunct faculty) or staff advocate for or 
against measures to be taken because of COVID-19 (including, e.g., COVID, 
coronavirus, or pandemic), and dated after January 1, 2021.
2.	All public information already in electronic form, including emails, discussing 
communications or actions by or for Collin College faculty (including adjuncts) or staff, 
or other individuals writing on behalf of Collin College faculty (including adjunct 
faculty) or staff advocating for or against measures to be taken because of COVID-19 
(including, e.g., COVID, coronavirus, or pandemic), and dated after January 1, 2021.
3.	All public information already in electronic form, including e-mails, involving negative 
employment actions or contract nonrenewal for Collin College faculty (including 
adjunct faculty) or staff in relation to COVID-19 (including, e.g., COVID, coronavirus, or 
pandemic) in any form, including because of advocacy for online versus in-person 
teaching, and dated after January 1, 2021.
I agree to the redaction of information that is subject to mandatory exceptions, provided such 
redactions are clearly labeled on the information I received.
 
I also agree to the redaction of information that is subject to discretionary exceptions, provided 
such redactions are clearly labeled on the information I receive.
 
I would like copies of the requested public information to be provided to me in electronic 
format.
 
The information resulting from this request is intended to be used as a public service to educate 
and inform the general public. As such, I request a waiver or reduction of any charges 
associated with this request under § 552.267. If there is nonetheless a charge associated with 
this request, please inform me in advance and provide a breakdown of the costs, per TAC § 
70.7, such that I may approve the charge or modify my request to reduce or eliminate any 
costs.
 
Please let me know of any questions or clarifications that would assist with responding to these 
three requests for public information. 
 
Thank you,
 
Kristopher Nelson

